Documentation:
    Lecture materials and course codes were used as a support
    As database we use MongoDB and we create few schemas one for Post and one for Comment and one for User.
    index.js includes router code, user registration and login code, creating comments, creating posts etc. 
    Pug is used as view engine.
    Bootstrap is used for css and for responsive design base for mobile usage.
    Authentication is done by JWT and by hashing password so its not saved as plain text. If interested token can be decoded with https://jwt.io/
    register.pug base was done with lecture 7 materials
    Users are saved by email and password to the database
    After registering user is redirected to home page from where user can now login with just created account and user can then after login create posts and comment to posts.
    JWT token is validated before creating posts or comments so that unauthorized users cannot create posts or comment 

    App usage:
        - After installing necessary dependencies "npm i" should work but you may need to install dotenv seperately by "npm install dotenv" (if applicable) run program by writing "npm start" to terminal and then going to http://localhost:3000/.
        - There will be a home page for the application from where you will be able to "Sign-up" and "Login"

        From here unauthorized users can also access posts and see comments by pressing post names.

            - When registering it is important to note password requirements: 
                
                1. Minimum lenght is 8 characters
                2. At least 1 uppercase and lowercase letter
                3. At least one number
            Otherwise you will be directed to error page if this happens reload earlier page 
            and try again and check that you have fulfilled the necessary password requirements.
        - After succesful login user sees  Post title, Post Text texts and corresponding text areas they have to filled and after that press "Create a post" button to create a new post.
            Then post will be sent to database
        After this you will see your new post at the bottom of the list and by pressing the link you will see its post text contents and comments if there are any.
        - From here it is possible also to add comments to posts, when comment is written it is linked to a post that it was under by id.
        Refresh the page if at some point your post/comment is not showing.
    Javascript is the chosen language for this application
    You can see the different views from views directory
    Views were made to be responsive and usable by mobile phone.
    Validation of token can be seen from auth/validateToken.js and called from routes/index.js and from createCommen, and createPost routes.
    You can see your auth_token from your browsers localStorage-tab if you are interested.


I would like to get 25 points since all the mandatory requirements are filled.




